Move /api-overview page content to appropriate location in /core-okta-api (#2459)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/core-okta-api/index.md

- The [Policy API](/docs/reference/api/policy/) creates and manages settings such as a user's session lifetime.
- The [Factors API](/docs/reference/api/factors/) is used to enroll, manage, and verify factors for multi-factor authentication (MFA).

> ## Design Principles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Design principles
```

Do not consume any Okta API unless it is documented on this site. All undocumented endpoints should be considered private, subject to change without notice, and not covered by any agreements.

### Compatibility rules for input parameters

- Requests are compatible irrespective of the order in which the query parameters appear.
- Requests are compatible irrespective of the order in which the properties of the JSON parameters appear.
- New query parameters may be added to future versions of requests.
- Existing query parameters cannot be removed from future versions of requests.
- Existing properties cannot be removed from the JSON parameters in future versions of requests.

### Compatibility rules for JSON responses

- Responses are compatible irrespective of the order in which the properties appear.
- New properties may be added to future versions of the response.
- Existing properties cannot be removed from future versions of the response.
- Properties with null values may be omitted by responses.

> ### URL Namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### URL namespace
```

The API currently supports only JSON as an exchange format. Be sure to set both the `Content-Type` and `Accept` headers for every request as `application/json`.

All Date objects are returned in [ISO 8601 format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339):

    YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ

### Character sets

Okta supports a subset of the `UTF-8` specification. Specifically, any character that can be encoded in three bytes or less is supported. BMP characters and supplementary characters that must be encoded using four bytes aren't supported at this time.

### HTTP verbs

Where possible, the Okta API strives to use appropriate HTTP verbs for each action.

#### GET

Used for retrieving objects

#### POST

Used for creating objects or performing custom actions (such as
user lifecycle operations). For POST requests with no `body` param, set the `Content-Length` header to zero.

#### PUT

Used for replacing objects or collections. For PUT requests with no `body` param, set the `Content-Length` header to zero.

#### DELETE

Used for deleting objects

> > **Note:** Any PUT or POST request with no `Content-Length` header nor a body returns a 411 error. To get around this, include a `Content-Length: 0` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Any PUT or POST request without a `Content-Length` header or a body returns a 411 error. To get around this, include a `Content-Length: 0` header.
```

### Client request context

> Okta derives client request context directly from the HTTP request headers and client TCP socket. Request context is used to evaluate policies such as Okta Sign-On Policy and provide client information for [troubleshooting and auditing](/docs/reference/api/events/#client-objecttype) purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Okta derives the client request context directly from the HTTP request headers and client TCP socket. The request context is used to evaluate policies such as Okta Sign-On Policy and provide client information for [troubleshooting and auditing](/docs/reference/api/events/#client-objecttype) purposes.
```

### User Agent

Okta supports the standard `User-Agent` HTTP header to identify the user's browser or application. Always send a `User-Agent` string to uniquely identify your client application and version, for example: `Oktaprise/1.1`.

> **Note:** If your application is acting as a gateway or proxy, you should forward the `User-Agent` of the originating client with your API requests.

#### Format a User-Agent string

> Make sure that the `User-Agent` string that your app constructs is in the correct format. This ensures that Okta can parse the `OS` and `Browser` fields. Good `User-Agent` strings that can be correctly parsed by Okta contain browser and system information, platform details, and any extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the `User-Agent` string that your app constructs is in the correct format so that Okta can parse the `OS` and `Browser` fields. The `User-Agent` strings that can be correctly parsed by Okta contain browser and system information, platform details, and any extensions.
```

##### Use a template to format the string

We recommend that you use a template like the following to format the `User-Agent` string:

`User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (<system-information>) <platform> (<platform-details>) <extensions>`

> Okta recommends making test [authentication requests](/docs/reference/api/authn/#primary-authentication) and then checking for the related entries in the [System Log](/docs/reference/api/system-log/#useragent-object). Testing helps you make sure that Okta can parse both the `OS` and `Browser` fields from the `User-Agent` header that is passed by your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Okta recommends making test [authentication requests](/docs/reference/api/authn/#primary-authentication) and then checking for the related entries in the [System Log](/docs/reference/api/system-log/#useragent-object). Testing helps you ensure that Okta can parse both the `OS` and `Browser` fields from the `User-Agent` header that is passed by your application.
```

> If the `OS` and/or `Browser` fields come back as `Unknown` in the System Log, make sure that certain string values (see below) are present in the `User-Agent` string so that the OS and Browser are detected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `OS` and/or `Browser` fields come back as `Unknown` in the System Log, ensure that certain string values (see below) are present in the `User-Agent` string so that the OS and Browser are detected:
```

> **Note:** For some Chrome examples, see [User-Agent strings](https://developer.chrome.com/multidevice/user-agent).

###### Pass a hint about the browser

Add browser information such as `chrome` or `safari` to the `User-Agent` string.

###### Pass operating system information

- iOS: Include the words `apple` or `ios` and at least one of these values: `iphone`, `ipad`, `ipod`, `ipad`.

- Android: Include the word `android`, which infers that Android is the operating system.

### IP address

The public IP address of your application is automatically used as the client IP address for your request. Okta supports the standard `X-Forwarded-For` HTTP header to forward the originating client's IP address if your application is behind a proxy server or acting as a sign-in portal or gateway.

> > **Note:** The public IP address of your trusted web application must be part of the allow list in your [org's network security settings](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext_Security_Network) as a trusted proxy to forward the user agent's original IP address with the `X-Forwarded-For` HTTP header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The public IP address of your trusted web application must be a part of the allow list in your [org's network security settings](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext_Security_Network) as a trusted proxy to forward the user agent's original IP address with the `X-Forwarded-For` HTTP header.
```

### Accept Language

> The `Accept-Language` HTTP header advertises which languages the client is able to understand, for example `Accept-Language: en-US`. Include it if it is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Accept-Language` HTTP header advertises which languages the client is able to understand, for example `Accept-Language: en-US`. Include the header if it is available.
```

### Device Fingerprint

The `X-Device-Fingerprint` HTTP header supplies the device fingerprint used in an authentication request.

### Errors

> > **Note:** JSON responses, including errors, may contain user input. To help prevent potential cross-site scripting attacks, make sure to properly escape all values before use in a browser or any HTML context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** JSON responses, including errors, may contain user input. To help prevent potential cross-site scripting attacks, ensure to properly escape all values before use in a browser or any HTML context.
```

> All requests on success return a 200 status if there is content to return or a 204 status if there is no content to return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All successful requests return a 200 status if there is content to return or a 204 status if there is no content to return.
```

All requests that result in an error return the appropriate 4xx or 5xx error code with a custom JSON error object:

- `errorCode`: A code that is associated with this error type

> - `errorLink`: A link to documentation with a more detailed explanation of the error (Note: this has yet to be implemented and for the time being is the same value as the `errorCode`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `errorLink`: A link to documentation with a more detailed explanation of the error (not yet implemented and is currently the same value as the `errorCode`)
```

    "errorSummary": "Api validation failed",
    "errorLink": "E0000001",
    "errorId": "oaeHfmOAx1iRLa0H10DeMz5fQ",
    "errorCauses": [
        {
            "errorSummary": "login: An object with this field already exists in the current organization"
        }
    ]
}
```

See [Error Codes](/docs/reference/error-codes/) for a list of API error codes.

> **Note:** Only the `errorCode` property is supported for runtime error flow control. The `errorSummary` property is only intended for troubleshooting and may change over time.

### Authentication

The Okta API currently requires the custom HTTP authentication scheme `SSWS` for authentication. All requests must have a valid API key specified in the HTTP `Authorization` header with the `SSWS` scheme.

    Authorization: SSWS 00QCjAl4MlV-WPXM...0HmjFx-vbGua

> **Note:** See [Obtaining a token](/docs/guides/create-an-api-token/) for instructions on how to get an API key for your organization.

The API key (API token) isn't interchangeable with an Okta [session token](/docs/reference/api/authn/#session-token), access tokens, or ID tokens used with [OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect](/docs/reference/api/oidc/).

> You can now interact with Okta APIs using scoped OAuth 2.0 access tokens for a number of Okta endpoints. Each access token enables the bearer to perform specific actions on specific Okta endpoints, with that ability controlled by which scopes the access token contains. For more information, see [OAuth 2.0 for Okta APIs](/docs/guides/implement-oauth-for-okta/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now interact with Okta APIs that use scoped OAuth 2.0 access tokens for a number of Okta endpoints. Each access token enables the bearer to perform specific actions on specific Okta endpoints, with that ability controlled by the scopes that the access token contains. See [OAuth 2.0 for Okta APIs](/docs/guides/implement-oauth-for-okta/).
```

### Pagination

Requests that return a list of objects may support pagination. Pagination is based on a cursor and not on page number. The cursor is opaque to the client and specified in either the `before` or `after` query parameter. For some objects, you can also set a custom page size with the `limit` parameter.

> Note that for technical reasons not all APIs respect pagination or the `before` and `limit` parameters, see the [Events API](/docs/reference/api/events/) for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that for technical reasons not all APIs respect pagination or the `before` and `limit` parameters. See the [Events API](/docs/reference/api/events/) for an example.
```

| Param    | Description                                                                             |
| -------- | ------------                                                                            |

> | `before` | This is the cursor that points to the start of the page of data that has been returned. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `before` | The cursor that points to the start of the page of data that has been returned. |
```

> | `after`  | This is the cursor that points to the end of the page of data that has been returned.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `after`  | The cursor that points to the end of the page of data that has been returned.   |
```

> | `limit`  | This is the number of individual objects that are returned in each page.                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `limit`  | The number of individual objects that are returned in each page.                |
```

### Link header

Pagination links are included in the [Link header](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8288) of responses. It is important to follow these Link header values instead of constructing your own URLs as query parameters or cursor formats may change without notice.

``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
link: <https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/logs?limit=20>; rel="self"
link: <https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/logs?limit=20&after=1627500044869_1>; rel="next"
```

The possible `rel` values are:

| Link relation type | Description                                              |
| ------------------ | ------------                                             |
| `self`             | Specifies the URL of the current page of results         |
| `next`             | Specifies the URL of the immediate next page of results |

> When you first make an API call and get a cursor-paged list of objects, the end of the list is the point at which you don't receive another `next` link value with the response. This holds true for all cases, except for the [System Log API](/docs/reference/api/system-log/), where the `next` link always exists in [System Log](/docs/reference/api/system-log/#list-events) polling queries. A polling query is defined as an `ASCENDING` query with an empty or absent `until` parameter, providing a stream of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you first make an API call and get a cursor-paged list of objects, the end of the list is the point where you don't receive another `next` link value with the response. This holds true for all cases, except for the [System Log API](/docs/reference/api/system-log/) where the `next` link always exists in [System Log](/docs/reference/api/system-log/#list-events) polling queries. A polling query is defined as an `ASCENDING` query with an empty or absent `until` parameter and provides a stream of data.
```

Author: I kept the "providing a stream of data" at the end because the polling query IS providing a stream of data.

### Filter

Filtering allows a requestor to specify a subset of objects to return and is often needed for large collection objects such as `Users`. While filtering semantics are standardized in the Okta API, not all objects in the Okta API support filtering. When filtering is supported for an object, the `filter` URL query parameter contains a filter expression.

> The expression language that is used in the filter and search parameters supports references to JSON attributes and literals. The literal values can be strings enclosed in double quotes, numbers, date times enclosed in double quotes, and Boolean values: for example, true or false. String literals must be valid JSON strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expression language that is used in the filter and search parameters supports references to JSON attributes and literals. The literal values can be strings enclosed in double quotes, numbers, date times enclosed in double quotes, and Boolean values (for example, true or false). String literals must be valid JSON strings.
```

The attribute names are case-sensitive while attribute operators are case-insensitive. For example, the following two expressions evaluate to the same logical value:

    filter=firstName Eq "john"

    filter=firstName eq "john"

> The filter and search parameters must contain at least one valid Boolean expression. Each expression must contain an attribute name followed by an attribute operator and optional value. Multiple expressions may be combined using the two logical operators. Furthermore, you can group expressions together using `()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The filter and search parameters must contain at least one valid Boolean expression. Each expression must contain an attribute name followed by an attribute operator and optional value. Multiple expressions can be combined using two logical operators. Furthermore, you can group expressions together using `()`.
```

> > **Note:** Each object in the Okta API defines what attributes and operators are supported for expression. Refer to object-specific documentation for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Each object in the Okta API defines what attributes and operators are supported for the expression. See object-specific documentation for more information.
```

### Operators

Most of the operators listed in the [SCIM Protocol Specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7644#section-3.4.2.2) are supported:

| Operator | Description           | Behavior                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| -------- | -----------           | --------                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| `eq`       | equal                 | The attribute and operator values must be identical for a match.                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | `ge`       | greater than or equal | If the attribute value is greater than or equal to the operator value, there is a match. The actual comparison is dependent on the attribute type. For `String` attribute types, this is a lexicographical comparison and for `Date` types, it is a chronological comparison. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ge`       | greater than or equal | If the attribute value is greater than or equal to the operator value, there is a match. The actual comparison depends on the attribute type. `String` attribute types are a lexicographical comparison and `Date` types are a chronological comparison. |
```

> | `gt`       | greater than          | If the attribute value is greater than operator value, there is a match. The actual comparison is dependent on the attribute type. For `String` attribute types, this is a lexicographical comparison and for `Date` types, it is a chronological comparison.                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `gt`       | greater than          | If the attribute value is greater than operator value, there is a match. The actual comparison depends on the attribute type. `String` attribute types are a lexicographical comparison and `Date` types are a chronological comparison.                  |
```

> | `gt`       | greater than          | If the attribute value is greater than operator value, there is a match. The actual comparison is dependent on the attribute type. For `String` attribute types, this is a lexicographical comparison and for `Date` types, it is a chronological comparison.                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `gt`       | greater than          | If the attribute value is greater than operator value, there is a match. The actual comparison depends on the attribute type. `String` attribute types are a lexicographical comparison and `Date` types are a chronological comparison.                 |
```

> | `le`       | less than or equal    | If the attribute value is less than or equal to the operator value, there is a match. The actual comparison is dependent on the attribute type. For `String` attribute types, this is a lexicographical comparison and for `Date` types, it is a chronological comparison.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `le`       | less than or equal    | If the attribute value is less than or equal to the operator value, there is a match. The actual comparison depends on the attribute type. `String` attribute types are a lexicographical comparison and `Date` types are a chronological comparison.   |
```

> | `lt`       | less than             | If the attribute value is less than operator value, there is a match. The actual comparison is dependent on the attribute type. For `String` attribute types, this is a lexicographical comparison and for `Date` types, it is a chronological comparison.                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lt`       | less than             | If the attribute value is less than operator value, there is a match. The actual comparison depends on the attribute type. `String` attribute types are a lexicographical comparison and `Date` types are a chronological comparison.                    |
```

| `ne`       | not equal             | If the attribute value does not match the operator value, there is a match. |

> | `pr`       | present (has value)   | If the attribute has a non-empty value, or if it contains a non-empty node for complex attributes, there is a match.                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pr`       | present (has value)   | If the attribute has a non-empty value or if it contains a non-empty node for complex attributes, there is a match.                                                                                                                                                           |
```

> | `sw`       | starts with           | The entire operator value must be a substring of the attribute value, starting at the beginning of the attribute value. This criterion is satisfied if the two strings are identical.                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sw`       | starts with           | The entire operator value must be a substring of the attribute value that starts at the beginning of the attribute value. This criterion is satisfied if the two strings are identical.                                                                                         |
```

> **Note:** Some objects don't support all the listed operators.

> **Note:** The `ne` (not equal) operator isn't supported for some objects, but you can obtain the same result by using `lt ... or ... gt`. For example, to see all user agents except for "iOS", use `(client.userAgent.os lt "iOS" or client.userAgent.os gt "iOS")`.

> **Note:** All `Date` values use the ISO 8601 format `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ`.

#### Attribute operators

| Operator | Description | Behavior                                                         |
| -------- | ----------- | --------                                                         |
| `and`      | Logical AND | The filter is only a match if both expressions evaluate to true. |
| `not` | Logical NOT | The filter is a match if the expression evaluates to false. | 
| `or`       | Logical OR  | The filter is a match if either expression evaluates to true.    |

#### Logical operators

| Operator | Description         | Behavior                                |
| -------- | -----------         | --------                                                                                   |

> | `()`       | Precedence grouping | Boolean expressions may be grouped using parentheses to change the standard order of operations: for example, evaluate OR logical operators before logical AND operators. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `()`       | Precedence grouping | Boolean expressions may be grouped by using parentheses to change the standard order of operations, for example, evaluate OR logical operators before logical AND operators. |
```

Filters must be evaluated using standard order of operations. Attribute operators have the highest precedence, followed by the grouping operator (for example, parentheses), followed by the logical `AND` operator, followed by the logical `OR` operator.

### Hypermedia

> Objects in the Okta API use hypermedia for discoverability. Hypermedia enables API clients to navigate objects by following links like a web browser instead of hard-coding URLs in your application. Links are identified by link relations that are named keys. Link relations describe what objects are available and how API clients can interact with them. Each object may publish a set of link relationships based on the state of the object. For example, the status of a user in the [User API](/docs/reference/api/users/#links-object)  governs which lifecycle operations are permitted. Only the permitted operations are published as lifecycle operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Objects in the Okta API use hypermedia for discoverability. Hypermedia enables API clients to navigate objects by following links like a web browser instead of hard-coding URLs in your application. Links are identified by link relations that are named keys. Link relations describe what objects are available and how API clients can interact with them. Each object may publish a set of link relationships based on the state of the object. For example, the status of a user in the [User API](/docs/reference/api/users/#links-object) governs which lifecycle operations are permitted. Only the permitted operations are published as lifecycle operations.
```

The Okta API incorporates [JSON Hypertext Application Language](http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) or HAL format as the foundation for hypermedia discoverability. HAL provides a set of conventions for expressing hyperlinks in JSON responses that represent two simple concepts: Resources and Links.

> **Note:** The HAL-specific media type `application/hal+json` isn't currently supported as a formal media type for content negotiation. Use the standard `application/json` media type. As we get more experience with the media format, we may add support for the media type.

### Links

> Object whose property names are link relation types (as defined by [RFC8288](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8288)) and values are either a Link object or an array of Link objects.

Reviewer: The first part of the sentence doesn't make sense:
"Object whose property names are..."

I would avoid using "whose" here ("whose" is typically used for  people).

- A target URI
- The name of the link relation (`rel`)
- Other optional properties to help with deprecation, object state or lifecycle management, content negotiation, and so on.
- Links are implicitly of media type `application/json`. Other media types are only returned in cases where the link isn't an API endpoint.

> **Note:** An object may have multiple links that share the same link relation as shown below for the `"logo"` link.

``` json
{
    "_links": {
        "logo": [
            {
              "name": "medium",
              "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/assets/img/logos/groups/active_directory-medium.b3959116154f9d44bd4d0f6b2ae31ea6.png",
              "type": "image/png"
            },
            {
              "name": "large",
              "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/assets/img/logos/groups/active_directory-large.0e7a58559ac90c4bbc7b33fa14018c50.png",
              "type": "image/png"
            }
         ],
        "self": { "href": "/example_resource" },
        "next": { "href": "/page=2" }
    }
}
```

### Links in collections

> HAL links returned in a collection of resources may not reflect the total set of operations that are possible on that resource. For example, in a user collection, links indicating that a given user can be unlocked may not be returned and, if returned, may not reflect the correct user state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HAL links that are returned in a collection of resources may not reflect the total set of operations that are possible on that resource. For example, in a user collection, links that indicate that a given user can be unlocked may not be returned and, if returned, may not reflect the correct user state.
```

Search and list operations are intended to find matching resources and their identifiers. If you intend to search for a resource and then modify its state or make a lifecycle change, the correct pattern is to first retrieve the resource by `id` using the `self` link provided for that resource in the collection. This provides the full set of lifecycle links for that resource based on its most up-to-date state.

### Request debugging

The request ID is always present in every API response and can be used for debugging. You can use this value to correlate events from the [System Log](/docs/reference/api/system-log/) events as well as the [Events API](/docs/reference/api/events/).

The following header is set in each response:

`X-Okta-Request-Id` - The unique identifier for the API request

``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
X-Okta-Request-Id: reqVy8wsvmBQN27h4soUE3ZEnA
```

### Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)

> [Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-Origin_Resource_Sharing) is a mechanism that allows a web page to make an AJAX call using [XMLHttpRequest (XHR)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XMLHttpRequest) to a domain that is different from the one from where the script was loaded. Such cross-domain requests would otherwise be forbidden by web browsers, per the [same origin security policy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same_origin_policy). CORS defines a [standardized](http://www.w3.org/TR/cors/) way in which the browser and the server can interact to determine whether to allow the cross-origin request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-Origin_Resource_Sharing) is a mechanism that allows a web page to make an AJAX call by using [XMLHttpRequest (XHR)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XMLHttpRequest) to a domain that is different from the one where the script was loaded. Such cross-domain requests would otherwise be forbidden by web browsers, in accordance with the [same origin security policy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same_origin_policy). CORS defines a [standardized](http://www.w3.org/TR/cors/) way in which the browser and the server can interact to determine whether to allow the cross-origin request.
```

> In Okta, CORS allows JavaScript hosted on your websites to make an XHR to the Okta API with the Okta session cookie. Every website origin must be explicitly permitted through the Admin Console for CORS. See [Enabling CORS](/docs/guides/enable-cors/) for details on how to allow your website to make cross-origin requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Okta, CORS allows JavaScript, which is hosted on your websites, to make an XHR to the Okta API with the Okta session cookie. Every website origin must be explicitly permitted through the Admin Console for CORS. See [Enabling CORS](/docs/guides/enable-cors/) for more information on how to allow your website to make cross-origin requests.
```

> **Caution:** Only grant access to specific origins (websites) that you control and trust to access the Okta API.

### API support

> The Okta API supports CORS on an API by API basis. If you're building an application that needs CORS, please check that the specific operation supports CORS for your use case. APIs that support CORS are marked with the following icon: <SupportsCors />.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Okta API supports CORS on an API by API basis. If you're building an application that needs CORS, check that the specific operation supports CORS for your use case. APIs that support CORS are marked with the following icon: <SupportsCors />.
```

### Additional help

> In addition to all the information in this portal, you can view developer videos in our [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5AMiWqFVFxF1q9Ya1FuZ_Q).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to all the information in this portal, you can view developer videos on our [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5AMiWqFVFxF1q9Ya1FuZ_Q).
```
